Update syntax.mdx (#31204)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/resources/syntax.mdx

## Custom Condition Checks

> You can use `precondition` and `postcondition` blocks to specify assumptions and guarantees about how the resource operates. The following examples create a precondition that checks whether the AMI is properly configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `precondition` and `postcondition` blocks to specify assumptions and guarantees about how the resource operates. The following example creates a precondition that checks whether the AMI is properly configured.
```
